README.md, before:

# Experiments for the GeneMark-ETP+ project

Tomas Bruna, Alexandre Lomsadze, Mark Borodovsky

Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, Georgia, USA

Reference: TODO


## Overview

This repository contains documentation of experiments, data and results for
the GeneMark-ETP+ project.

### Genome sequences 

All genome sequences were downloaded from RefSeq section of NCBI (the links are saved in `$SPECIES/data/README.md`). For each genome we parsed out unique sequence identifiers [accession.version](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genbank/sequenceids/) from FASTA definition lines. New, simplified sequence IDs were introduced. Information about original and new IDs was saved as a table into file `$SPECIES/data/chr.names`.

An example of such table for the genome of A.thaliana is shown below:

| original ID | new ID |
| --- | --- |
| NC_003070.9 | 1 |
| NC_003071.7 | 2 |
| NC_003074.8 | 3 |
| NC_003075.7 | 4 |
| NC_003076.8 | 5 |

Only genome sequences from nuclear DNA were used in ETP project. Also, we limited the analysis to chromosomes (sequences with prefix "NC_") and main genomic contigs (sequences with prefix "NT_"). 

### Reference annotations

To prepare the reference annotations, follow the species-specific instructions
in each species folder.

All annotation statistics were collected with the `bin/analyze_annot.py` scipt.

```bash
ls */annot/annot.gtf | xargs -P7 -I {} bash -c 'bin/analyze_annot.py {} > {}.analysis'
ls */annot/reliable.gtf | xargs -P7 -I {} bash -c 'bin/analyze_annot.py {} > {}.analysis'
```

Commit message:

Add masking and protein db description

README.md, after:

# Experiments for the GeneMark-ETP+ project

Tomas Bruna, Alexandre Lomsadze, Mark Borodovsky

Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, Georgia, USA

Reference: TODO


## Overview

This repository contains documentation of experiments, data and results for
the GeneMark-ETP+ project.

### Genome sequences 

All genome sequences were downloaded from RefSeq section of NCBI (the links are saved in `$SPECIES/data/README.md`). For each genome we parsed out unique sequence identifiers [accession.version](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genbank/sequenceids/) from FASTA definition lines. New, simplified sequence IDs were introduced. Information about original and new IDs was saved as a table into file `$SPECIES/data/chr.names`.

An example of such table for the genome of A.thaliana is shown below:

| original ID | new ID |
| --- | --- |
| NC_003070.9 | 1 |
| NC_003071.7 | 2 |
| NC_003074.8 | 3 |
| NC_003075.7 | 4 |
| NC_003076.8 | 5 |

Only genome sequences from nuclear DNA were used in ETP project. Also, we limited the analysis to chromosomes (sequences with prefix "NC_") and main genomic contigs (sequences with prefix "NT_"). The processed sequences were saved into `$SPECIES/data/genome.fasta`.

### Repeat masking

Each genome was _de novo_ masked by RepeatModeler2 (v2.0.1) and RepeatMasker (v4.1.0) as follows:

```bash
BuildDatabase -name genome genome.fasta
RepeatModeler -database genome -srand 1 -pa 16 -LTRStruct > rmodeler.out
RepeatMasker -pa 16 -lib genome-families.fa -xsmall genome.fasta > rmasker.out
```

### Protein database preparation

Input protein sets were downloaded from [OrthoDB](https://www.orthodb.org/) (v10.1) and processed as described for each species in `$SPECIES/data/README.md`.

### Reference annotations

To prepare the reference annotations, follow the species-specific instructions
in each species folder.

All annotation statistics were collected with the `bin/analyze_annot.py` scipt.

```bash
ls */annot/annot.gtf | xargs -P7 -I {} bash -c 'bin/analyze_annot.py {} > {}.analysis'
ls */annot/reliable.gtf | xargs -P7 -I {} bash -c 'bin/analyze_annot.py {} > {}.analysis'
```
